Pending symbol renames for APR [for some discussion yet]

apr_file_info_t                  from apr_finfo_t
apr_file_stat                    from apr_stat
apr_file_lstat                   from apr_lstat
apr_file_attrs_t                 from apr_fileattrs_t
apr_file_seek_where_t            from apr_seek_where_t

apr_filepath_name_get            from apr_filename_of_pathname
 
apr_lock_scope_e                 from apr_lockscope_e
apr_lock_type_e                  from apr_locktype_e
apr_lock_mech_e                  from apr_lockmech_e
apr_lock_readerwriter_e          from apr_readerwriter_e

apr_gid_get                      from apr_get_groupid
apr_gid_name_get                 from apr_get_groupname
apr_gid_name_get                 from apr_group_name_get
apr_gid_compare                  from apr_compare_groups

apr_hostname_get                 from apr_gethostname

apr_port_addr_parse              from apr_parse_addr_port

apr_socket_shutdown              from apr_shutdown
apr_socket_bind                  from apr_bind
apr_socket_listen                from apr_listen
apr_socket_accept                from apr_accept
apr_socket_connect               from apr_connect
apr_socket_send                  from apr_send
apr_socket_sendv                 from apr_sendv
apr_socket_sendto                from apr_sendto
apr_socket_recv_from             from apr_recvfrom
apr_socket_file_send             from apr_sendfile
apr_socket_recv                  from apr_recv
apr_socket_file_create           from apr_socket_from_file
apr_socket_filter_accept         from apr_socket_accept_filter
apr_socket_inherit_set           from apr_socket_set_inherit
apr_socket_inherit_unset         from apr_socket_unset_inherit

apr_service_byname_get           from apr_getservbyname

apr_sockaddr_name_info_get       from apr_getnameinfo

apr_time_exp_gmt_get             from apr_implode_gmt
apr_time_interval_t              from apr_interval_time_t
apr_time_interval_short_t        from apr_short_interval_time_t

apr_uid_homepath_get            from apr_get_home_directory
apr_uid_get                     from apr_get_userid
apr_uid_current                 from apr_current_userid
apr_uid_compare                 from apr_compare_users
apr_uid_name_get                from apr_get_username
